                                                                         | 75
War. The age-old tradition of mankind. They said across the entire 20th
century, there was exactly five minutes of global peace. When resources
are limited, some will have more than others, and those without will want
from those with. When those with refuse to hand over said resources, those
without will resort to force. This is the basis of war, and although the
methods to kill change, the very essence of conflict never does. The 21st
century opened with promises of peace, but the century was also the one in
which natural resources began to run out, and the human impact on the
Earth was starting to show its consequences. Although scientists
pinpointed the issues threatening the planet and devised solutions, their
calls for action fell on deaf ears as politicians ignored their plight,
insisting that the threats were a hoax. Democracy was supposed to put the
competent in positions of power, but the fathers of the democratic system
overlooked the fact that masses are often as ignorant as monarchs. The end
result is that the individuals placed in power were not those who were
intelligent, not those who were competent, but rather those who could yell
the loudest. It didn't matter what they said; as long as they got the
attention of the masses, they got the position.

Although these global issues continued to go unaddressed, mankind was
eventually forced to face the consequences. As climate change and
pollution left their mark, basic resources such as fresh water began to
run low. There eventually was not enough of such resources to sustain the
global population, and as a result, the age-old tradition manifested
itself again, and militaries clashed over control of what little reserves
remained. Conflicts escalated in the past, but more than a century had
passed since the end of the previous global war in 1945, and back then,
mankind had not yet developed weapons capable of threatening all life on
Earth, at least not until the very end of said war. Since then, however,
weapons of mass destruction had advanced in both power and number, and
when the conflicts escalated, they would inevitably be deployed.

The year was 2077. No one knows who launched the first nuclear weapons in
the exchange, but after the first country deployed their missiles, the 
rest followed. World War III was stated to only last a few hours, but the
effects would change the planet forever. Shockwaves and firestorms slashed
the populations of the US, UK, Russia, China, and the other major nuclear
powers where the majority of the bombardment was directed. Those who
survived the initial exchange would then face the fallout; the ensuing
irradiated storms and nuclear winter would take a far greater toll than
those vaporized by the blasts. Society collapsed into a desolate
wasteland, an infernal depiction of hell, and as the radiation subsided,
the biggest threat posed would be other survivors, turned to raiding as a
result of desperation or otherwise. However, history has proven that
humanity is very difficult to kill off, and history certainly repeated.
Survivors banded together into settlements, eventually banding those
together into provisional governments to replace those of the pre-war
years. Scientists and engineers survived, and archives were salvaged.
There were even rumors of a "Sole Survivor" of an abandoned nuclear
shelter in the Massachusetts region who singlehandedly turned the
wasteland there into a fully functioning political entity, guarded by a
militia and linked via supply lines. Eventually, the raider gangs that
once ruled the wasteland found themselves without a wasteland to rule.

By the year 2153, society had largely been rebuilt. Deciding that the
species would be better off without national divides, humanity banded
under a single government, the Terran Federation. Although under a
democratic system similar to those that brought the old world under
nuclear fire, the placing of prominent scientists, sociologists, 
economists, and other experts in positions of power would help bring
reason to the world of politics. Many important documents of the pre-war
world were lost, but many others survived. Among those surviving documents
was the work of the late Miguel Alcubierre. Humanity had taken to the
stars again under the banner of the Federation, but they had been unable
to actually reach them. Now, however, with the development of faster-than-
light travel, ships equipped with the so-called hyperdrives would travel
light-years of distance in a matter of hours, even minutes.

Having travelled to and colonized numerous star systems, the Terran
Federation seemed as prosperous as ever. Eventually, however, the growing
faction would draw the attention of hostile entities, be it alien
governments, or members of their own species turned to piracy. Forced to
embrace arms once again, the Federation government authorized the creation
of a military arm and poured research into the development of weaponry and
warships. Rapidly developing railguns, laser weapons, attack drones, 
energy shields, and more, the enemies of humanity would soon realize that
it would not be an empire striking back, but rather a federation. After
all, what are a few alien forces compared to a species that was at war
with itself for millennia?

When calendars throughout the Federation began to read 2563, the Terran
Federation found itself largely at peace, having allied with or defeated
most alien factions in the sector. Meanwhile, the rate of pirate attacks
fell sharply within the bounds of the Federation, whose navy now patrolled
frequented jump routes. Of course, even a faction such as the Federation
will begin to turn on itself amidst a lack of common enemies, and this was
the case with the formation of the Free Worlds movement. Criticizing the
myriad of regulations imposed by the Federation, they demanded a more
laissez-faire approach to governing. The Federation government refused, 
delivering a statement arguing that their regulations, now in place for
several centuries, were critical to ensuring some degree of equality and 
security for all of its citizens. This statement, although resonating with
much of the general populace, fell on deaf ears amongst Free Worlders, who
considered the statement Federate propaganda.

Although not drawing much alarm initially, the movement quickly grew, and
the Federation became suspicious when several notable corporate CEOs,
including those of weapon and aerospace conglomerates, started supporting
Free Worlds ideology. This prompted Federate officials to begin an
investigation into the origins of this movement, and the results were
shocking. It turns out that the Free Worlds started as what is called an
astro-turf movement; although it appeared to be created by normal
citizens, it was actually started by corporations in an attempt to try and
free themselves from the regulations of the Terran Federation. By now, 
however, the movement consisted of many citizens genuinely wishing to live
out lives on their own, with little government presence. When the results
of the investigation were revealed to the public, loyal Terran citizens
were as shocked as the government, while Free Worlders proclaimed that
freedom is a right to all, and although the movement may have been started
by corporate greed, it is now fighting for a noble cause. As the Free
Worlds movement grew, they increasingly clashed with Federate loyalists.
Protests were met with counter-protests, riots met with counter-riots.
Police intervention would be condemned by Free Worlders, and praised by
loyalists. As tensions grew, it seemed that the Terran Federation would
find itself amidst civil war.

Wars are often started via a shot heard 'round the world. The battles of
Lexington and Concord sparked off the Revolution, the bombardment of Fort
Sumter ignited the Civil War, the assassination of Archduke Franz-
Ferdinand marked the beginning of World War I, and so forth. The shot, or
rather, the bomb, that sparked off the impending war was the attack on the
Federation government building on the planet Synchelle III in the year
2572. Synchelle III was located in the Antollare system, which in turn was
located in a region that was a hotspot for Free Worlders. Killing several
hundred government officials and wounding many more, the Free Worlds, 
taking responsibility for the attack, then declared themselves an
independent power, and, with arms and warships produced in secret by their
corporate backers, proceeded to take control of the Antollare system and
several other systems in the region over the course of 72 hours. The
Terran Federation, on the other hand, would have none of this. Classifying
the Free Worlds as a terrorist group, Federate officials declared war in
that same year of 2572, and quickly mobilized their men and machines of
war. Age-old traditions never die, it seems.

By the year of 2578, the war had ground down far longer than either side
had anticipated. The armed forces of the Federation, having re-taken
several systems previously seized by the Free Worlds, now finds themselves
in a long, drawn-out battle over the control of four key systems; 
Antollare, Elarel, Nidebora, and Villasen. As the political and industrial
heart of the Free Worlds, the Federation believes that taking these four
systems will cripple the capabilities of the Free Worlds and bring the war
to an end, but the Free Worlds are also aware of the importance of these
systems, and are putting up a fierce resistance. The Federate armed forces
have assembled one of the largest fleets in history to carry out this
assault, consisting of tens of dreadnoughts, around two hundred
battlecruisers and carriers, several hundred cruisers and corvettes, and
almost one thousand frigates.

At the helm of one of these many frigates is where you come in. Born to an
upper-middle-class family, you had always been fascinated by the naval arm
of the Terran Federation. Despite your parents wanting you to serve the
Terran Federation as an aerospace engineer instead, designing warships
rather than risking your life on the front lines, you insisted that you
felt that enlisting in the navy was where you wanted to go in life, and
you applied for the naval academy at Clellinon VI. Wishing to become an
officer, you focused intently on your coursework and were eventually
assigned to a ship, the Archimedes-class heavy frigate Peacemaker. Slowly
working your way through the ranks and serving on various ships from
frigates to battlecruisers, you eventually found yourself bearing the
title of captain in the Federate armed forces, and, quite fittingly, the
ship under your command would be the first ship you served aboard.

The Peacemaker, an Archimedes-class heavy frigate and one of the many
ships involved in the assault on the heart of the Free Worlds, is a
technological marvel. Measuring two hundred yards in length, crewed by
ten, and driven by a fusion plant, the craft's three impulse engines are
capable of accelerating the ship at a rate of 300 feet per second squared.
Moreover, the frigate, like most other ships, is equipped with a
hyperdrive that enables the ship to travel between systems. However, the
technology is somewhat imprecise, and it is strongly advised that it not
be used too close to the gravity well of a planet or similar body. Fitted
with advanced composite armor plating and a plasma shield matrix, the
Archimedes-class is capable of enduring heavy amounts of punishment, while
its fast-tracking point-defense turrets are capable of locking onto and
destroying incoming missiles with near-100% accuracy. As with most ships
of the Terran Federation, the Archimedes is equipped with standard weapon
hardpoints in addition to provisions for drone and missile capability, 
though power constraints restrict the weapons you may mount to three.
Space, however, is huge, and navigating via the naked eye is nigh-
impossible. Fortunately, the Archimedes-class frigate is also equipped
with a standard sensor suite, enabling the captain to identify and either
engage or avoid threats from beyond visual range. Having been in command
of the Peacemaker for a few years now, you have grown accustomed to the
ship and know how to push her to her limits, but as you find yourself in
yet another combat operation, you hope you can pull off such feats again.